[docs][notifications] guides overhaul (#33063)
expo/expo: docs/pages/push-notifications/faq.mdx

---
title: Push notifications troubleshooting and FAQ
sidebar_title: Troubleshooting and FAQ
description: A collection of common questions about Expo push notification service.
---

import { Collapsible } from '~/ui/components/Collapsible';

A collection of common issues and FAQs when setting up push notifications with the `expo-notifications` library and Expo push notification service.

## Expo push notification service FAQ

### Cost of the push notification service

> There is no cost associated with sending notifications through Expo push notification service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, there is no cost associated with sending notifications through Expo push notification service.
```

After a notification has been handed off to an underlying push notification service, Expo creates a "push receipt" that records whether the handoff was successful. A push receipt denotes whether the underlying push notification service received the notification.

Finally, the push notification services from Google and Apple follow their policies to deliver the notification to the device.

### When and why does the `ExpoPushToken` change

> The `ExpoPushToken` remains the same across app upgrades. On iOS, it also remains the same even after uninstalling the app and reinstalling it. On Android, this results in the push token changing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ExpoPushToken` remains the same across app upgrades. On iOS, it also remains the same even after uninstalling the app and reinstalling it. On Android, reinstalling the app may result in the push token changing.
```

- `normal`: mapped to the normal priority level documented by Apple and Google
- (priority omitted): treated exactly as if `default` were specified

> And setting the priority to `high` gives your notification the greatest likelihood that Android displays the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the priority to `high` gives your notification the greatest likelihood that Android will display the notification.
```
